# *promptu*
## Inspiration
Humans spend between 32 and 75% of their waking time in social interactions and a very significant portion occurs online. That's one of the reasons why there is an abundance of different unique social media platforms for all kinds of purposes and people. One of the great things social media promised to do is allow us to bridge the distance and stay in touch with people we often wouldn't be able to see face to face as often as we would like. However, the way they're designed is putting lot of pressure on building your digital profile and they all rely on image and text as a medium of communication. These mediums are effective but also limit how genuine the online interactions are, think about last time you posted on social media, how much time did you spent fixing your post and considering how will people react to every photo you post or sentence you write? That is not how in-person communications happen, you don't have time to think about your answers thouroughly, you're forced to be genuine but that's what makes them real and fun. We would like to see more of that in the digital space. 

This is why our way of "taking inspiration from the past and add a twist to it" is to completely rethink the whole dynamincs of social media interactions from the ground up. To make those digital interactions more human-like, less serious, less consequential, more forgiving, and more fun. Our solution is a social media platform based entirely around short spontaneous voice posts following unique prompts that change daily. Allowing users to interact with their friends in a way more similar to how they do in person, by cracking jokes, making funny comments about what is around us, and sharing laughs! 

## What it is and isn't

**promptu** is not a messaging app, or even a social platform in its traditional form. 

We created **promptu** aiming to reinforce existing social media by making a platform with a very specific purpose in mind. Create a space for users to have genuine, fun, liberating and spontaneous interactions that imitate the in-person banter by providing funny new prompts every day and allowing users to post their short voice recordings. To eliminate the pressure of traditional social media and enable less consequential online presence.
